documentation/aws marketplace (#65)
openremote/Documentation: docs/user-guide/deploying/aws-marketplace.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# AWS Marketplace

This guide explains how to provision/configure OpenRemote via the AWS Marketplace.

> The CloudFormation template can be found at [cloudformation-aws-marketplace.yml](https://github.com/openremote/openremote/blob/master/.ci_cd/aws/cloudformation-aws-marketplace.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudFormation template can be found at [cloudformation-aws-marketplace.yml](https://github.com/openremote/openremote/blob/master/.ci_cd/aws/cloudformation-aws-marketplace.yml).
```

* `Instance Type` - You can choose from the following `t4g` and `m6g` instance types:
  - `t4g.small`
     - vCPU: 2 
     - Memory: 2GB
  - `t4g.medium` 
     - vCPU: 2 
     - Memory: 4GB
  - `t4g.large` 
     - vCPU: 2 
     - Memory: 8GB
  - `m6g.large` 
     - vCPU: 2 
     - Memory: 8GB
  - `m6g.xlarge` 
     - vCPU: 4 
     - Memory: 16GB
  
   Prices vary based on the selected instance. All instances are using the `ARM` architecture.
   For detailed pricing information, visit the pricing pages for [t4g](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/t4/) and [m6g](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/m6g/).

* `Amazon Machine Image` - This is the Amazon Machine Image (`AMI`) that is used by the `EC2` instance.
  
  :::danger

  Do not modify this value, as it is provided by Amazon. Changing it may cause instance creation to fail.
  
  :::

* `Storage` - You can specify the amount of block storage to provision for this OpenRemote instance, with options of `8GB`, `16GB`, `32GB`, `48GB` and `64GB`.
   It is possible to expand the volume after instance creation, but a reboot will be required.

> * `Key pair` - Choose a `key pair` for this OpenRemote instance. With the selected `key pair` you can `SSH` into the machine.
>   You can only select an `key pair` that were created in the **same** region as where you want to deploy the OpenRemote instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Key pair` - Choose a `key pair` for this OpenRemote instance. With the selected `key pair` you can `SSH` into the machine.
  You can only select a `key pair` that was created in the **same** region as where you want to deploy the OpenRemote instance.
```

# AWS Marketplace

This guide explains how to provision/configure OpenRemote via the AWS Marketplace. <br/>

> The CloudFormation template can be found at [cloudformation-aws-marketplace.yml.](https://github.com/openremote/openremote/blob/master/.ci_cd/aws/cloudformation-aws-marketplace.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudFormation template can be found at [cloudformation-aws-marketplace.yml](https://github.com/openremote/openremote/blob/master/.ci_cd/aws/cloudformation-aws-marketplace.yml).
```

## Instance Configuration
If you are successfully subscribed to the OpenRemote marketplace `app`, you can start configuring it. Below, you will find a detailed description of each parameter available in the template.

- **Would you like to use your own domain name? If so, please enter it here.** <br/>
You can specify the `FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name)` you want to use for this OpenRemote instance.  
If no value is provided, you can access OpenRemote using the public `IPv4` address of the `EC2` instance.

- **Which instance would you like to use?** <br/>
You can choose from the following `t4g` and `m6g` instance types.
  - `t4g.small`
     - vCPU: 2 
     - Memory: 2GB
  - `t4g.medium` 
     - vCPU: 2 
     - Memory: 4GB
  - `t4g.large` 
     - vCPU: 2 
     - Memory: 8GB
  - `m6g.large` 
     - vCPU: 2 
     - Memory: 8GB
  - `m6g.xlarge` 
     - vCPU: 4 
     - Memory: 16GB
  
   Prices vary based on the selected instance. All instances are using the `ARM` architecture. <br/>
   For detailed pricing information, visit the pricing pages for [t4g](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/t4/) and [m6g](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/m6g/).

> - **How much storage would you like to allocate to the virtual machine?** <br/>

Reviewer: When writing Markdown HTML tags should only be used if absolutely necessary. Usually `<br/>` can be replaced by using new lines.

```suggestion
- **How much storage would you like to allocate to the virtual machine?**

```
